1	5	2	The Students will understand the basic concepts of Cyber Security	The Students will learn how to protect themselves from the predators of the Internet.	The Students will be able to take precautionary measures to stay safe online.	Cyber Security is one in every of cutting-edge most up to date profession fields. This course will provide a wide overview of Cyber Security concepts and practices. Beginning with underlying fundamentals of cyber security, additional lessons discover centre technologies along with encryption, sandboxing, and antiviruses. Securing your Wordpress website and your online identity is likewise featured, as are secure online transactions, email security, and how to conduct cyber activities. 
2	10	4	Digital Marketing Essentials	Interview Successfully	GenAI for Digital Marketers	Perform market research, build a website, optimize SEO, and launch effective social media ad campaigns.Learn how to ace your digital marketing job interview to land your dream job.
3	3	3	The Students will understand the basic concepts of Social Media.	The Students will learn how to protect themselves from the predators of the Internet.	GenAI for Digital Marketers	Social media
4	40	8	Statistics, Python, & Deep Learning	SQL & MySQL	Interview Prep	Career Accelerators courses include certificates of completion you can add to your resume, portfolio, or LinkedIn profile.
5	12	0	3top-rated courses	SQL & MySQL	Interview Prep	SQL - MySQL for Data Analytics and Business Intelligence
SQL that will get you hired – SQL for Data Science, Data Engineering, Business Analysis, Marketing, and Data Management
6	2	15	The Students will understand the basic concepts of Cyber Security.	The Students will be able to take precautionary measures to stay safe online.	GenAI for Digital Marketers	A Barista is responsible for preparing and serving coffee and other beverages, maintaining cleanliness and organization of the workspace, and providing excellent customer service. Duties include operating coffee machines, taking customer orders, handling payments, and ensuring product quality and consistency.

A Bartender prepares and serves alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks to customers in a bar or restaurant setting. Responsibilities include mixing cocktails, managing bar inventory, maintaining cleanliness, checking customer identification, and ensuring a safe and enjoyable environment for guests.


7	20	4	Statistics, Python, & Deep Learning	SQL & MySQL	Interview Prep	Acquire Game Dev Skills: Gain level design, animation, enemy AI, power-ups, UI design, and apply design patterns like singletons and event buses.
8	2	12	3top-rated courses	SQL & MySQL	Interview Prep	Learn all the basics without stopping after them: Dive deeply into Flutter & Dart and become an advanced developer
